Add a "full lifecycle" FAQ entry to help illustrate the entire process better (#7)
docker-library/faq: README.md

See [the answer in the readme of the `github.com/docker-library/official-images` repository](https://github.com/docker-library/official-images#what-do-you-mean-by-official).

> ### An image's source changed in Git, now what?

Reviewer: missing from table of contents above

Author: We've got a bot that'll do that post-merge 😅

(So if we don't include that part in PRs they're less likely to have conflicts, which is relevant given I have two in-flight ATM. 😇)

5.	after those jobs push updated artifacts to the architecture-specific repositories ([`amd64/xxx`](https://hub.docker.com/u/amd64), [`arm64v8/xxx`](https://hub.docker.com/u/arm64v8), etc), [a separate job](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/put-shared/) collects those updates into ["index" objects](https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/v1.0.1/image-index.md) (also known as ["manifest lists"](https://docs.docker.com/registry/spec/manifest-v2-2/#manifest-list)) under [`library/xxx`](https://hub.docker.com/u/library) (which is [the "default" namespace within Docker](https://github.com/docker/docker-ce/blob/v18.09.6/components/engine/vendor/github.com/docker/distribution/reference/normalize.go))

	-	for [`golang`](https://hub.docker.com/_/golang), that would be [the `put-shared/light` job](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/put-shared/job/light/), because it is not [a "heavy hitter"](https://github.com/docker-library/official-images/blob/master/heavy-hitters.txt)

> For images [maintained by the docker-library team](https://github.com/docker-library), we typically include a couple useful scripts in the repository itself (`./update.sh` and `./generate-stackbrew-library.sh`) which help with automating simple version bumps and managing multiple similar versions via `Dockerfile` templating, and [we also have infrastructure which automatically performs those bumps (assuming a build test of the bump passes, which catches most scraping issues, etc)](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/update.sh/) and commits them directly to the relevant image repository (which is exactly how [the illustrative `golang` a9171b commit](https://github.com/docker-library/golang/commit/a9171b851ba926f2979e8c711d25faa025194def) referenced above was created).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For images [maintained by the docker-library team](https://github.com/docker-library), we typically include a couple useful scripts in the repository itself, like `./update.sh` and `./generate-stackbrew-library.sh`, which help with automating simple version bumps via `Dockerfile` templating, and generating the contents of the `library/xxx` manifest file, respectively. [We also have infrastructure which performs those version bumps along with a build and test](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/update.sh/) and commits them directly to the relevant image repository (which is exactly how [the illustrative `golang` a9171b commit](https://github.com/docker-library/golang/commit/a9171b851ba926f2979e8c711d25faa025194def) referenced above was created).
```
